# Self-Evaluation

- This final CFU encompassed everything you've learned in Mod 0, and maybe even required some learning outside of what you've explicitly been taught. How did it feel as you faced these challenges?
    I actually did most of this module in the pair programming style with Kasandra, and I must say that it went extremely well compared to the other CFUs. Being able to bounce ideas off of each other works very well for me. I find that a smaller group is the best learning and working environment for myself. There were certainly many challenges along the way, the biggest one for me was time management, but I am actively trying to improve that. Trying to learn things outside of the source material can be very daunting when you aren't sure where to look, but when you have the right peer group like we do here at Turing, no challenge is worth being daunted by, it is worth tackling!
- How is your workflow going, in terms of taking breaks, staying focused, etc.?
    Staying focused has been a slight issue for me, I have been taking plenty (and probably too many) breaks. I have not worked this hard or this actively since before COVID, and it is a huge adjustment for me, but to be honest, I am actually starting to enjoy it. I think I will get much better at utilizing my time better as I get more used to the course going foward. I am extremely happy with my choice to take the accelerated version of Mod 0 because it set me up with realistic amounts of time commitment / day when it comes to learning JavaScript.
- What did you learn from this exercise that you want to remember as you begin Mod 1?
    Objects are very useful for sorting information in different ways than the other data types we have learned. Arrays, numbers, booleans, strings, and javascript methods are all useful alongside Objects, so get ready to combine all of them to build some awesome stuff.